This project has been a difficult one for me. I personally am not a creative writer or any type of writer for that matter. But this project has taught me a lot about my writing style and how I needed to adapt to make it better. Over the course of the last few weeks I have learned how to write more professionally and to my audience. The majority of this project I have dealt with many downfalls to my writing but working hard on writing many drafts has gotten me to the point I am at today where I feel confident in my work. I also could not understand what an environmental scan is; which I talked about in my last post. But over a little more than a month my understanding has grown and even though it took around 5 drafts to complete I am proud of the work I have accomplished so far. Even if I do not get a great grade on this project I am and will be proud of all of the effort that I have put forth into this project.
![This is a tweet I made while finishing up this project]
Since my last post some small changes have been made to my grant project. These changes include, adding more information in both the grant narrative and environmental scan and the addition of a  budget and a resume for my grant. The budget that I have added includes: a domain name, books needed for research, IT help for creating the website, and Omeka which helps me publish my website. I also came in under budget with a total of $727.18 and the limit was $1,500. The resume I included is important for the grant reader to see who I am through the activities I have done and what experiences I have had over the years. The grant narrative received  more information like the time frame I was planning on doing, why using salt to stop wood rotting was important, and what my scholarly introduction was going to include. These small details put in a lot more information for people who may not be familiar with Mesoamerican society and when and where they existed. 

At the end of writing this grant I realized I had some technical issues with my software that would not allow me to make the project on timeline JS. This is because when doing my project I have to put in time spans (1,000 BC) and not exact dates of when events occur. Timeline JS does not allow time spans; it needs to have exact dates to be able to create a timeline successfully. Right now I am in the process of researching another timeline making a website to find one that will be able to complete the project correctly and how I envision it. When finding out about this issue I believed I needed to reinvent my project so that it conformed with this specific website, but now I am hoping I can find a website that can conform to my needs to create a beautiful timeline to include on my website.

