# Grant Project
The research that I have been doing for my grant project is about Mesoamerican civilizations: the Incan, Mayan, and Aztec civilizations. By reading different articles and books I have learned a lot about the architecture of these civilizations which is what my grant project is all about. The research took a while to obtain by looking through the different pages of various books and articles but is starting to really come together. These civilizations were advanced for the timeframe in which they ruled and looking at their architecture all together is inspiring. 

I have also been looking for and researching other timelines like the one I am creating to see what I should change or add to make mine stand out from the rest. I have had difficulties with this because there aren’t many direct timelines about all three civilizations specifically on architecture. These have included broad topics such as advancements of the mayans. Which is broad but only focused on one of the three civilizations I am going to have within my one timeline. 

Many of the timelines I have found are both a blessing and a curse. I say this because it means that my project has not directly been done before but I also have nothing to base my project off of. The examples I have found are just timelines during the times that the civilizations ended up being in power and they don’t focus primarily on architecture but on other advancements such as sewage systems. 

When I first started writing/imagining this project I imagined all these different elements that would make it interactive and easy to use and I still believe that it is an achievable goal. Some things have changed or have been added for example, I added an extra history section that would give more information about the Mesoamerican architecture as a whole. This is an important addition because if a student were to be starting out doing their research they may not know much on the topic and want a broad overview to start understanding. 

Another important characteristic I have added since I started imagining this project is adding the direct links to the books that were used to create the timeline. The books that I have found gave almost all of  the information for the timeline that I have done so far and I believe it would be an important resource for readers to have access to. Making the timeline easily accessible for all students or teachers is the most important part of the timeline because it will be used to teach or learn about these civilizations if the website is easily accessible.

The different projects I have found and use as examples in my environmental scans are not DH projects. Throughout my research I have had difficulties finding any DH projects covering this topic. But with more time to look for some more examples I am hoping to come by one soon with credible information that I can base my project on. This should help make the project better for the reader and make sure the content is correct and put together in an organized way.

I have struggled with writing the Environmental Scan. I have written it over and over with the results not changing. I have asked for help and advice but everytime I write it I seem to mess up and make it more like a grant narrative instead of an environmental scan.
